In New York City's
war on crime,
the worst criminal offenders
are pursued
by the detectives
of the Major Case Squad.
These are their stories.
And I'm pleased to announce that the
contract for Julius Seven is ours.
Manufacturing this new component will
improve the security of our country.
In charge of this
project will be Don,
With the support
and assistance of Paul.
You must feel
so disappointed.
Anyway, did you notice that the
registration on your car expired last week?
I was lucky I didn't
get a ticket.
If you come home by 5:00,
I'll go to the DMV.
Here, Mom, I did my exercise.
I can't leave early today,
I got to...
Doreen, I got to go.
Mom, I can't
find my blue jacket.
Okay. Honey, you ready to go?
It's not gonna fit, Mom. Too bad
you can't sit up front like me.
This is just
an exception, Adam.
Why do I have to sit in
my car seat? It's no fair.
I wish the world was fair,
Billy. I really do.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You know, you're leaking oil.
You want us to check that for you?
No, thanks.
I see you have
the boys in the car.
Give it
to your brother.
Mom, I should be
sitting in the front seat.
People don't always
get what they deserve.
Mom! Can you tell
him to give me my...
Adam, put your
seatbelt on right.
It's too windy back here.
Mom, you pushed
the wrong button...
Adam! Please.
Got a real mess here.
Three kids dead,
the fourth, a little boy, was taken
to University Hospital with the mom.
Is there a dad?
Paul Whitlock.
Car is registered to him.
He's on his way
to the hospital.
The boy and his mother
were pulled out of the car?
No. They were
found here, unconscious.
They went through
the windshield.
It's a miracle the blast
didn't kill them all.
Anybody see it happen?
No. This is a quiet road.
Glass is inside the panels.
Windows were open.
That would've reduced the
force of the blast in the front.
It's probably why
they survived.
These little ones
never stood a chance.
Three child seats.
That's a tight fit.
This can't be their usual car.
Pipe bomb under
the gas tank.
We'll test a soot sample. My guess
is they packed it with fertilizer.
Well, someone would have had to
go underneath the car to plant it.
Do you know where
their last stop was?
Gas station.
About a half mile away.
Mrs. Whitlock comes in once
a week with her boys.
I talked to her.
She was leaking oil.
I asked her if she wanted us
to take a look at it.
Did she usually
drive that sedan?
No, a minivan.
She pay at the pump?
Inside, and she bought
ice cream for her boys.
She left the car unattended.
Did anybody go near it?
Yeah. After she paid,
this guy came towards it.
Where did he come from?
Right over there,
the air pump.
It was him and two
other guys in a truck.
And they were arguing,
but I couldn't understand.
Arguing? In another language?
Arabic. I mean,
I recognized it
because I hear Mr. Aziz
and his wife talking.
Did Mrs. Whitlock talk
to any of those men?
No. But the guy
with the mustache,
he looked at her,
and he went like this.
And then he started walking towards
her, and Mrs. Whitlock saw him coming.
She got in her car
and she took off.
I took Doreen's van because I
had to leave early for a meeting
and my car was low on gas.
We're very sorry,
Mr. Whitlock.
But otherwise,
I take the sedan.
You work at Windale Electronics in
Brooklyn. What exactly do you do?
I'm an engineer. I design
components for everything from
air purifiers to MRI machines.
Anything controversial?
What's my work got
to do with this?
These men were
at the gas station.
They are possibly
Middle Eastern.
They may have been
following your wife.
Now, we need to know if there's
anything you're working on
that might make you
a target for terrorists.
I invented a new kind of
igniter for land mines.
It degrades over time. The
mines become safe after a year.
Are they being used
in the Middle East?
The army field-tested them for
six months. I don't know where.
Does anybody outside the
company know about your project?
It's not my project.
I'm not in charge of it.
Well, the gas station
attendant said that your wife
seemed concerned
about these men.
Now, did she ever
mention to you
about seeing anybody watching
the house or following her?
No. She always kept
her eyes on the boys.
That's just what I'd tell her.
Just take care of my boys.
Company said that the mines
were deployed in Kuwait.
The only mention of the project
is in the Kings County Express.
And once it got on the Internet,
the whole world could read about it.
We got a hit off the prints
on the air-hose.
Tariq Shalaan,
Egyptian national.
He came in on a student visa
in January of '02.
His visa expired eight months
ago. Good luck finding him.
This antenna is used for
tracking illegal cable TV boxes.
One of Shalaan's sponsors,
his cousin, he lists
his employer as
Concordia Cable.
Maybe he knows enough
electronics to rig up a bomb.
Which one made
the throat-cutting move?
The mustache.
Step into him. Hard.
Please, tell me what you want!
We are not terrorists.
We have green cards.
This was on a workbench
in a back room.
It is a clock radio.
I am fixing it.
You were seen at a gas station
in Staten Island this morning.
Yes, we were lost.
Papa!
Please, do not touch her!
Let's have a female officer
watch these ladies.
Please tell your wife
to sit down.
Stay with Mama, okay?
There was a woman with
four children in a car.
You were seen approaching it.
Yes, to ask for directions.
Somebody saw you do this.
We know what that means.
I was arguing with my cousin.
We were lost.
I did this because I didn't
want to argue anymore.
Maybe the bomb was intended
for her husband.
No. I tell you, I wanted
to ask for directions.
But I hear her say, "People
don't get what they deserve,"
and I think she was disciplining
her boy, so I leave her alone.
That's a nice story, Mr.
Al-Bana, except your employer says
you had no business on
Staten Island this morning.
My friend and my cousin,
we make music at my niece's
school this morning.
We are musicians.
She has a paper
from the school.
This is my client's application
for a visa extension,
filed three months
before it expired.
And denied.
He shouldn't be here.
It wasn't denied.
His application is
still being processed.
Principal at the school
confirmed they were there.
We had to take
this all the way.
What Doreen Whitlock told her son,
"People get what they deserve. "
Now, Paul made a point
of telling us
that he wasn't put in charge
of the land mine project.
Office politics. It makes
some people go postal.
I put Don Mariner in charge. I made
the announcement yesterday morning.
Was there any competition between
Mr. Mariner and Paul Whitlock?
Oh, sure. But there was never
any doubt who'd get it.
Except maybe in Paul's mind.
Why?
Paul's family obligations kept him
from being as effective as he could be.
"Kept"? This wasn't the first
time he'd been passed over?
He pretty much hit
the ceiling here.
It's too bad. He seemed
like a very ambitious guy.
Maybe he still is.
Maybe he figured
once the family goes,
the obligations
would go with them.
Paul?
You're in the hospital.
There was an explosion.
Only you and Adam survived.
Is he hurt? Is he...
I'm making sure he's well cared for.
There's no need for you to see him.
The older boys were
being home-schooled.
Rosary beads. The kids could be
home-schooled for religious reasons.
I don't see any other
signs of devotion.
Must be the older boy's. Handwriting's
poor, the spacing's uneven.
Oh, give the poor kid a break.
That chair, was that like
that when you got here?
Yeah.
Somebody here has
a brown thumb.
The leaves are thriving,
but the flowers aren't.
Getting too much nitrogen.
Get this to the lab. We need to know
what kind of fertilizer's in here.
They found perlite and potting
soil, but no fertilizer.
You guys broom up in here?
No.
There are streaks from bristles
in the top layer of the oil.
Someone swept
the whole garage.
What time did you guys
punch in here yesterday?
Around 1:00.
The bomb went off
at 11:00.
Whitlock was called by 11:30.
No one was here until 1:00.
Whitlock could've came here and
cleaned up all the evidence of the bomb.
So much for rushing
to his wife's bedside.
The bomb used an electronic timer
found in common household appliances.
The pipe was packed with a kilo
of nitrogen-rich fertilizer.
Any match to what's
in the flowerpot?
The sample was too degraded. The family
cat started using it as a litter box.
Family annihilator. Whitlock,
he fits part of that profile.
He's white. He's in his 30s.
He's invested in his family.
Sole breadwinner.
If he felt they were holding him
back, he'd take it out on them.
Unless he sees his demotion
as a failure to them.
Whitlock had to set the timer
before he left for work.
And he had to know his family'd
be on the road at 11:00.
Well, this may be how he knew.
I'm looking at two incoming
calls from Whitlock's office,
one to the home at 10:20 and
one to Doreen's cell at 10:57,
just before the bomb went off.
The first call could've been
him sending her on an errand.
And the second was to make
sure they were on the road.
Paul called you
that morning.
Do you remember
what you talked about?
He reminded me to renew
my car registration.
He's so good
about those things.
He gave you his car with an
empty gas tank. Is that...
He do that often?
It was an important meeting.
So when he called you, did he ask you
to go to the gas station right away?
No, I always do the errands
before quiet time.
I sit on Adam's bed in the
boys' room and read stories
to Adam and Billy
while Pete and Theo sleep.
So, your schedule.
You take the kids,
you give the kids their lessons
and you take them out on errands.
And then it's quiet time.
Paul know this is
your schedule every morning?
Yes, he's the one
who designed it.
Ever get a babysitter
sometimes, when you run errands?
Oh, no. Paul thinks
it's a waste of money.
Doreen, everything all right?
I specified no visitors.
We're just trying to find out who
hurt your family, Mr. Whitlock.
That's your job.
Mine's to make sure
my wife and son get better.
Hey, you know, you're right.
We'll leave you alone.
I just... Prayer card,
who gave you that?
My mother.
Paul and Doreen had a rosary like
that in their home. Is that yours?
Yes. I stayed a couple
of weeks with them.
To give Doreen a hand?
So I thought, but she and Paul do
such a wonderful job themselves.
Is that why you left there?
Doreen and Paul wanted to turn the
guest room into a room for Adam,
so I went back to Rochester.
Sounded to us like Adam was still
sharing a room with his brothers.
Maybe Paul and Doreen didn't
want you to see them fighting.
No, they...
Paul never loses his temper.
He provides structure
and stability for Doreen.
You mean he's controlling?
No. Doreen needs guidance.
She was a lost kid.
Motherhood's changed her.
What kind of structure does
Paul provide for his sons?
He spends all his time
with them.
In the morning, he has a special
routine for Adam and Billy.
Routine?
He does exercises with them.
Stretching, lifting weights.
I saw the weights in the garage.
Is that where they exercise?
Yes. Before Paul goes to work.
I wonder if Adam saw his dad
stretching under the car.
The nurse didn't take
your temperature.
She took it. It was normal.
She just forgot
to write it down.
You have a fever.
The nurse said it was normal.
Feel your head. It's burning.
Feel it. I'm right, aren't I?
Paul...
Admit it, I'm right.
You have a fever.
Yes, you're right.
What I have to put up
with around here!
We did jumping jacks
and push-ups.
Did your dad check his car?
Maybe look underneath?
No. He said he was out of gas, so
he'd have to take Mom's car anyway.
What about when he called before you left.
Did you hear what they were talking about?
No. But then Mom zoomed out the window,
and then she said she'd buy us ice cream.
Zooming?
That's what me and my brothers call
it when Mom stares at something.
You mean when she was
staring out the window
at the chair that was turned
over in the backyard?
I don't know. She just zooms.
She just zooms.
Was your mom
sad that morning?
Adam, when you were driving
from the gas station,
did your mom say
anything to you?
She got mad at me for playing with
the windows, but then she said...
What'd she say, Adam?
She said that even though most people
think horseshoe crabs are crabs,
they're actually arthropods and that
they're even older than dinosaurs.
Wow. She say anything else?
That's a really cool dinosaur.
Did you do this today?
Nice. Hey, do you think
we could keep this?
Will you hang it up?
Yeah, we will hang it up.
Hey, thanks.
So, it's not the husband.
It's Doreen.
And her son's trying
to protect her.
He knows that he shouldn't
tell us what she said.
I can't imagine her last words to
her kids before she blew them up.
Didn't someone tell me the husband
swept up evidence of the bomb?
The case against him makes
more sense. He has the know-how.
Anybody can build
a pipe bomb.
She was distracted, she
was staring out of windows.
You know, she was buying her
kids ice cream out of the blue.
You know, taken together,
those could be warning signs.
You're talking about
a mother planning a murder
so heinous as to
be incomprehensible.
A murder-suicide.
If her son hadn't opened
the car window,
she would've died
along with her children.
Mothers don't just go
into a homicidal spiral.
A grand jury will want to know why.
I'd like to give them an answer.
"Why" is good.
"How" is better.
Put some meat on the plate.
Did you see what the kid
wrote on the dinosaur drawing?
"Andy looked for his friends,
but they weren't there. "
The loneliest kid
in the world.
Look at the boy's
writing on this.
He shows signs of dysgraphia.
You know,
a learning disability, right?
But on this, he wrote within the
lines, his spacing is more even.
He might've been diagnosed
and gotten help.
A parent might take their kid's learning
disability as a personal failure.
Especially if
they're home-schooled.
So Adam's got
sloppy handwriting.
That's not
a learning disability.
Well, we talked to the teacher
who... Sorry. Who tested him,
and she said that she
recommended a special school.
I did my research.
Adam doesn't belong there.
This is something we
can correct at home.
Have you noticed,
Mr. Whitlock,
your wife's moods?
Your son did.
You really think that
I would leave my kids alone
with a woman I thought
could harm them?
Hey, look... There's
nothing wrong with my wife.
There was nothing wrong
with my family. Excuse me.
One more thing.
The morning of the explosion,
you have trouble getting from your office
to the hospital? You know, maybe traffic?
No, why?
You were notified at 11:30,
and it looks like the timestamp on
the hospital forms you signed says
12:50. I mean,
why were you late?
It's a straight shot across
the Verrazano from the office.
Verrazano, there was a hang-up,
a car with a flat tire. That's it.
Timestamp? Nice bluff.
Better than his alibi.
No, he first went home. Cleaned
the garage. Because he knew
that it was probably Doreen who was
responsible the minute he got the call.
He decides to cover for her. Me,
I'd want to tear her eyes out.
Yeah, or his own.
I mean, he'd be furious,
he'd be terrified,
he'd be grieving.
Instead,
he has no affect at all.
Their youngest, he was,
what, 18 months? Excuse me.
This breast pump, it's for Mrs.
Whitlock? She's still lactating?
Yes. Poor thing was still
nursing her three-year-old.
You mean 18-month-old?
No, she wasn't nursing the little
one. She said after her C-section,
her hands shook so bad
she couldn't hold him.
Shaky hands. A C-section
wouldn't do that.
But postpartum
depression would.
I wanted her to continue therapy,
but she said money was a problem.
She couldn't afford you?
Her husband.
She said he gave her an allowance
and kept records of her expenses.
He wouldn't approve
of her therapy.
He didn't want outsiders
butting in.
What about medications,
anti-depressants? Did you prescribe any?
Yes, of course. And I would
hope she'd still be taking them.
Well, there's one way
to find out.
You didn't follow up
with her?
This was June last year. I called
her after she missed her appointment.
She said her husband found a house
and they had to move right away.
Extension 3272, please.
Yes, in ICU.
Packing and moving with a newborn,
after a C-section, with three other kids?
Sounds like torture.
Yes, this is Detective Eames.
I've a question about
Mrs. Whitlock's medication.
Did he say why?
Hold on, please.
Whitlock checked Doreen out this
morning, against medical advice.
I want you people
off my property.
Your wife had postpartum
depression. She never got treatment,
she never took her
medication, she's suicidal.
Everything, everything
I do is for my family.
I can take care
of Doreen here.
You have any other theories,
talk to my lawyer.
I don't know about you, but that
guy's starting to stick in my craw.
This place,
this dead-end street.
Houses that sit
empty all day.
You can hear a blade
of grass fall over.
She was kept
cooped up in there.
Four little boys.
No breaks,
no one to help.
All according to his design.
Maybe he plans on punishing
her according to his design.
We need to get a squad car. Let
him know that we're watching.
You can't make it upstairs,
so you'll sleep here.
No, Paul, please!
Oh, yes.
I can't. No!
Yes. You can. You will.
There's no arrest warrant,
no evidence against her. So,
why the squad car
outside her house?
The detectives believe
Mrs. Whitlock is in danger.
From whom?
From her husband.
He's been nothing
but supportive.
I want the dogs
called off, Mr. Carver.
I decide when they go back to
the kennel, Mr. Milner. Thank you.
What's your problem
with Mr. Whitlock?
You have nothing to
justify this surveillance.
No prior domestic dispute calls,
no medical evidence of abuse.
Doreen killed those kids.
He knows it.
You want Mrs. Whitlock
out of that house?
Bring me enough evidence
for an arrest warrant.
What about the fertilizer?
The plastic pipe? The timer?
She might've paid
cash for those.
Except Whitlock kept a
tight leash on her spending.
Maybe she got her
house guest to chip in.
I may have last month's card
statement, if I didn't pay it.
Oh, here.
You mind?
When you lived with them, did Doreen
ever borrow your card or ask for money?
No. Paul and Doreen didn't
want to spoil the boys.
They were such
high-quality children.
"High-quality children. "
Paul say that?
Yes.
This was her room.
I bet she's had this picture
since she was a little girl.
First thing she saw
in the morning.
Last thing she saw at night.
She wanted to be
a good mother.
Ms. Colson, there's a credit
here from Greenblatt Appliances
near where Doreen lives
for $49.95.
Did you charge something
and then return it?
No, I'm sure I didn't.
Let me get my glasses.
Maybe Doreen borrowed her
mother's credit card after all.
To buy an appliance.
Maybe one with a timer.
It was for a propane space heater.
One of the clerks took the return.
The unit didn't work.
Does this come
with a timer?
Yeah. You want to see it?
You still have it?
The manufacturer wouldn't take it
back since the consumer opened it up.
They used the wrong screwdriver, I
could tell. The screws were all frayed.
It was the heat exchanger
that was broken.
If it was used
in this condition,
it would leak carbon monoxide,
isn't that right?
Hey, you got a call.
That's right.
I got to take this.
If Doreen used this in the boys'
room during their quiet time,
it would've leaked enough carbon monoxide
to kill them in less than an hour.
But she returned it.
She changed her mind.
Maybe she was afraid that it would be
discovered later that she tampered with it.
Maybe it was important to her not to
have it look like a murder-suicide.
Right now it looks like
a suicide attempt.
Grounds for
involuntary commitment.
That'll get her
out of that house.
My client isn't suicidal.
She's no danger to anybody.
Found the
space heater, Doreen.
The one that you
tampered with.
You left marks on the screws
when you took it apart.
What space heater? What
are they talking about?
When did you start having
those terrible thoughts?
Was it when you couldn't
nurse little Theo?
You must regret not being
able to offer him that gift.
Yes.
But you could have.
If you'd gone to therapy
and taken your medication.
I didn't want to depend on pills.
Pills don't make you a good mother.
Paul tell you that?
You know, keep trying,
apply yourself, because...
That's what
a good mother does.
Yes, but I couldn't do it. There
was something wrong with me.
When Adam was diagnosed with a learning
disability, was that your fault, too?
Something wrong
with your teaching?
I wanted to help him.
But I...
Four boys in seven years.
Always one in diapers.
Should be no problem
for a good mother.
You always wanted to be a
good mother, isn't that right?
You used to pray
to Mother Mary
to bless you with children, so that
you'd be a good mother when you grew up.
But it was always just out of your
reach, no matter how hard you tried.
And that's when you started
to have those thoughts.
That maybe they'd be better off without
you, these high-quality children.
But you couldn't
leave them behind.
You couldn't do that to Paul.
Is that when you
thought of the space heater?
You know, put it in the boys'
room during their quiet time?
That it would be
a peaceful way to go.
You got
everything together,
but then you realized people would
know you killed your children.
It'd make Paul look bad.
So that time, you stopped.
I thought...
I thought that would...
You thought that those thoughts
would... That they would go away?
That's part of your disease.
Every imperfect thing,
even the chair that was
overturned in your backyard,
is a reminder to you that
you're not a good mother,
that you were
a disappointment.
I tried.
I tried, I tried,
but I couldn't. I just
wanted them to go to heaven.
I'd be a better mother
in heaven, I would.
I told Adam he'd see.
I told him it'll be worth it
when we get there.
My client will submit
to a psychiatric exam,
then we can discuss
a plea agreement.
I won't play games,
Mr. Milner.
If my detectives hadn't
found that space heater...
Oh, please. She made
no effort to hide it.
She left it in plain sight
in the garage.
The garage? No.
See, she returned it to the
store. That's where we found it.
Sorry, no. She told me
she left it in the garage.
I'll be in touch, Mr. Carver.
Whitlock. He returned it.
He found it in the garage.
He's an engineer, he would've
figured out what she'd done.
He returned it and didn't
say a word to his wife.
No, that's the point. He had to know
that she was planning on hurting someone,
or at least herself.
He did nothing.
You can't be sure
what he did or didn't know.
We can't? We'll ask him.
This is a two-way mirror,
isn't it?
This is where you
interrogate people.
Does it make
you uncomfortable?
You know,
a smart guy like you?
We need some information on
Doreen. Social security number,
previous residences,
employment...
This says "Pre-Arraignment
Report. " What's going on?
Your wife's being charged
with three counts of murder
and one count of
attempted murder.
She gave us this statement
this morning.
Okay.
So what happens next to her?
Oh, well, maybe you
don't understand.
Your wife just confessed
to killing your three boys.
I can read.
See? There it is.
Did you ever hear of the word
"affect?" You know what it means?
I guess you're gonna tell me.
It's a psychological term
for a feeling or emotion.
And we've been noticing that
you don't have any affect.
You're not angry at Doreen, you're
not grieving over your family.
I handle things my way.
And you don't feel responsible?
You know, just a little bit?
For this? Doreen's taken
full responsibility.
She would, she would.
But when she was diagnosed
with depression,
wasn't it you who didn't want her
getting any therapy or taking any pills?
She wasn't depressed. She just
needed to focus on the kids.
I told her that if she home-schooled
them, it would improve her state of mind.
Spending more time with the
kids? That's your idea of therapy?
So, sending
Doreen's mother away
when she needed help with
the kids, that was your idea?
All that religious crap. Doreen
and I don't believe in it.
You don't believe in it.
I mean, Doreen, she believes.
But, you know, what you
believe, that's what matters.
What you decide. And you
decided that it would be better
for Doreen to stay in that little house,
home-schooling four kids by herself...
Doreen wanted a family
as much as I did.
Even when she had
postpartum depression,
you kept pushing her
to have more kids.
You know, I'm thinking,
a smart guy like you,
you know,
you'd see it coming.
You'd know she was about to,
you know, crash and burn.
How could I have
foreseen this?
You think I'm some kind of
mind-reader? I'm an engineer.
When you found it
in the garage,
you opened it up
to see what was wrong.
I didn't...
We found your
fingerprints inside,
along with Doreen's.
You know, being an engineer, you would've
figured out that she tampered with it
to leak carbon monoxide.
You know, that it was
a killing machine.
Not to kill you,
which she wouldn't dare.
But to kill herself, maybe?
I didn't know what she was
gonna do before she did it.
So that's why
you returned it,
and you didn't say
anything to her?
But you knew
she might hurt herself.
You ever think she might
hurt the children?
Never my children.
But you knew she was
gonna kill herself.
Yes. And so what?
"So what?"
So what if I knew?
I didn't kill our kids.
I didn't build a bomb.
I see why you're
not angry at her.
Because she's a reflection of
everything that you've done to her.
I did nothing but help her.
No, you terrorized her!
You got kicked around at work,
you came home,
and you crushed her.
I never laid a hand on her.
You didn't have to!
All she wanted to be
was a good mother.
But you designed a trap for
her that she was bound to fail!
And when she was at the edge of
that precipice, you did nothing.
You let her fall.
No!
I gave Doreen
everything she needed!
She just never made the
effort! And when I saw this,
I decided whatever Doreen
wants to do, I didn't care.
But I never thought she'd take my
boys away from me, not for a minute!
It's not my fault she did!
It's not my fault she's evil!
Now see?
Now that, that's affect.
"So what?"
A jury will love that.
What jury? I didn't hear
a chargeable offense in there.
Well, you heard him admit that he
knew that she was a threat to herself.
You heard him say
that he didn't care.
But he didn't aid or cause
her suicide attempt.
He made her... He made her feel guilty
about her son's learning disability.
That does not
constitute a crime.
No, but it makes me wish
he was driving that car.
He could have
prevented this crime,
but he won't take
responsibility for that!
Mr. Carver!
Isn't there something in this book that
can make him take responsibility for that?
There wasn't when I checked
this morning.
I'm sorry, Detective.
Please send Mr. Whitlock home.
Home. So he can start
designing his son's new life.
I got them
ice cream sandwiches.
That's what
they like the best.
Then I started the car
and got back on the road.
Adam was playing
with the windows.
I started to scold him,
but then I stopped.
I told him we were taking
the hard way to heaven,
but it would be worth
it when we got there.
Then all of a sudden,
I couldn't hear.
And I'm so sorry.
Oh, I'm so sorry, my babies.
I would never hurt my babies.
Mr. Carver,
are the People satisfied?
Yes, Your Honor, we are.
Then in accordance with
the plea agreement,
I sentence the defendant to
a term no less than 25 years,
to be served at a facility to be
determined by the Department of Correction.
We're adjourned.
I noticed Doreen's vision of
heaven doesn't include her husband.
He doesn't have the stomach
for the sentencing.
He might have a date in Family
Court. He filed for divorce yesterday.
Must be in a hurry
to rebuild his family.
Well, it won't include Adam.
Who's that?
Friend of his.
Children's rights attorney.
Specializes in custody cases.
Hmm.
Thank you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org